# Metrics:
- Key Performance Metrics: Increase 10% of conversion rate through the next month. 
- Our analysis of the current data shows that the average revenue generated by registered users ($339.98) is three times higher than the average revenue generated by unregistered users ($92.84). Since our business objective focused on increasing Nike’s sales, we believe increasing the conversion rate with more registered users would help Nike to further optimize sales.
# Hypotheses:
- Null hypothesis (H0): There is no significant difference in the conversion rate after adding a pop-up coupon ad for first-time-registered users when they are viewing Nike’s official website.
- Alternative hypothesis (H1): There is a significant difference in the conversion rate after adding a pop-up coupon ad for first-time-registered users when they are viewing Nike’s official website.
- Our strategy will focus on learning the difference in conversion rates between the current Nike website with no pop-up coupon window for the first-time-registered users (control group) and with the pop-up coupon window for the first-time-registered users (experimental group). We expect the outcome to show that the pop-up coupon window can effectively help Nike generate a higher conversion rate. 
# Experimental Design:
## Description of the control and experimental groups
- Control Group: The control group consists of users who visit Nike's official website without seeing the pop-up coupon ad. This group serves as the baseline for comparison.
- Experimental Group: The experimental group consists of users who visit Nike's official website and see the pop-up coupon ad for first-time-registered users. This group will help measure the impact of the pop-up coupon ad on conversion rates.
## Randomization process for assigning users to groups
- Assign the customers equally to either the control group or the experimental group when they visit the website. In our case, we will be using the feature called Google Optimize in Google Analytics which helps us split the traffic evenly between the control and experimental groups 
## Duration of the experiment
- The A/B testing process will run for 1 month for our group to collect enough samples.
## Sample size calculation
- Having the significance level a = 5% can help us get a result that is more statistically significant. 
- Having Statistical power 1−β as high as possible which is 95%. This would help us to increase the probability of correctly rejecting the null hypothesis. 
- We set the Minimum Detectable Effect to be 5% since we want a relatively bigger sample size for each variation.
- In the end, after implementing our goal of a 10% baseline conversion rate, we got the result that we want to collect a sample size of 1,022 per variation.
# Implementation Plan:
## Technical requirements for implementing the test
- We will be using Google Analytics to perform and monitor the A/B testing
## Timeline for executing the test
### Week#1: Create and set up a Google Analytics account and a Google Optimize account.
### Week#2: Discuss and finalize the wording and graphic design of the pop-up advertisement.
### Week#3: Set up the A/B testing on Google Analytics with both control and experimental variants.
### Week#4 to Week#8: Daily monitor the changes in the website traffic, click-through rate, and conversions.
### Week#9: Calling the A/B testing, collect the data in CSV form, and store the data in our data warehouse.
### Week#10: Perform data analysis, visualizations, and reports.
## Consideration of ethical considerations and potential biases
- Ethical considerations: All result data downloaded from Google Analytics will be stored in our data warehouse. Only the group members have credentials and access to it, make sure the customer information and privacy are secured.
- Potential bias: Seasonality Bias. If the test runs during a specific season or holiday, the change in user behavior may influence the results. For example, during the Christmas shopping season. By avoiding that, we can conduct tests over a variety of time periods.
# Data Collection and Analysis:
- Download the tracking results as a CSV file from Google Analytics and upload it using Python ETL to our data warehouse.
- Compare the conversion rates between the control and experimental groups to see if there is a significant difference.
- Perform a t-test and calculate the p-value for assessing and determining the significance of the difference by using Excel.
- Visualize the results between the control and experimental groups in Tableau.
- Create a report with insights and recommendations for decision-making.
